[Inaudible] now you're.
Back on the east coast.
Ready to do what's right tomorrow on election day and put it in the vault.
I can't bro. I got the felonies. You forget I'm I'm not.
Voting. I'm not voting. I'm hoping. I think it's time for a dictator.
Enough enough for letting the Russians meddle in our elections.
It's time for us to have a dictator. So the Russians can't do that anymore.
I'm ready to move on from democracy. Jesus Christ.
She'd given it up to the commies already. Those were the days.
Where your parents or your uncle or whatever, just took you to the movie.
They were going. I remember my parents back then.
They took me to see like movies, like Jagen edge.
And then I wouldn't sleep for like two, three weeks.
It would just drag you wherever they were going. My grandfather give a.
No that ain't going to my grandfather in the, in the, in the nineties,
mid nineties, me and my cousin,
he would watch us during the day while our moms worked,
he took us to green acres mall out in Nassau county,
took us green acres mall. He took us to see don't be mad as to south central,
while drinking and juice in the hood and fell asleep.
And then he took us to see the movie clueless. That's what we would see.
And we saw each movie like five times in the summer, but I mean, don't be mad,
south central, a tricky juice in the hood. It's just, I mean, it's sex drugs.
And this guy would just be sleeping. Cause he didn't take his diabetes medicine.
And that's just what it was. And that was like being a kid. That was great.
Now it's like, if you did that, my grandpa would be in jail. It's, it sucks.
It's crazy. It's crazy. How, when I go up north,
I live in south Jersey when I drive north. So I gotta pee.
I can't put my Dick on the side of the road and I know you gotta take it for
pain. You gotta register as a sex offender. I know that.
Yeah, you got a ticket for pain and he had a registered as a sex offender.
So now I got to pull over three times. Every time I pick up the peanuts,
the last four years I lived there,
it wasn't until I came back to shoot the prequels for Sopranos,
I was here for three weeks and I really enjoyed what was happening in my life.
There was no that, that, uh,
that feeling of, I can't this not degenerate,
but that that's just not even needed. It's like, uh,
I don't, I don't even know what to call it. It bleeds on to you.
And when you're away from it, you feel it, the desperation,
when you're away from LA, you go, wow,
I've not bumped into desperate people. Well, there's an honesty here.
Like in New York, you meet a waiter. The guys are waiting,
you meet a contractor, the guy's a contractor in LA nine times out of 10,
you meet somebody that whatever job they're doing is just to buy time until they
become a famous movie star, whatever they want.
So everybody's sitting in their own for a long time. We're in New York.
I feel like, at least there's a sense here where it's like, Hey,
you are who you are. And you kind of just got to accept that. It's like,
if you're not going to make the movies, Katie, it's like,
you gotta find a way to pay the bills to rent. And too high here where LA,
I think they can live on this dream a little bit longer.
And also I feel like LA, it's just, it's a lot of times at the city of,
you know,
who's the most cutthroat person in your class moves out to LA to try to become
a movie star director.
And the city is full of just cutthroat people that have no roots there where New
York is like, you know,
my family's been here for over a hundred years and nobody thinks about leaving.
You know, even me,
I only go to LA for a few weeks and come back because I want to just try to make
my career and my opportunities here. I don't want to leave, you know? Um,
but LA it's like, you kind of just go there temporarily,
try to make it big and then come back. But that's why I think somebody like you,
you did what you want to do on your own terms.
And now you're back and you can make just as much money have just as much fame
as these guys in the movies,
by doing from home in New York and New Jersey and being with your daughter every
day, it's a beautiful life. It's uh, listen, I,
I'm not saying I drank the Kool-Aid, but the first three, four years,
I listened to what they were saying to me, you know, do this on stage.
And then one day I'm like, what am I a monkey?
I didn't come here to play to that song. I'm doing this my way.
And I changed my standup. You know,
if you talk to Rogan and he'll say that I was struggling for a long time and one
day it just hit me. It was about two, 2001 where I was like,
these, the Montreal comedy festival.
You know, them off. You're doing stand up to be funny,
not the, you know, I had people coming up to me going, you know,
you got to change your material. It's gotta be about your family.
They have to see your sick time. What sick time are you talking about?
I'm so sick. Tom's I'm doing dirty comedy. Nothing bothers me.
When somebody calls me a celebrity that I'd rather, you call me a fat speck.
You're in the right place. Don't call me a celebrity. I'm not a celebrity.
I'm a dirty comic. Who lucky died. Yeah. This,
every time you eat hummus, ISIS gets a dollar.
Just make an ice is stronger. By the way,
ISIS has been very quiet during the pandemic. Yeah, because,
because of the news cycle, they,
they're not the ISIS doesn't sell tickets right now. Only COVID sells tickets.
But once COVID is over, once that's over, you got ice.
This is going to be next up to sell the tickets.
I love to be a reoccurring guest on your show. And every time we come on,
you teach me about a little bit of history. A little bit, just a little bit.
Tell me why Jeremy's did this. Why the Nazis did that?
Why the poll logs did this? Why your Chinese built all railroads?
I want you to teach me every time. And I promise to be a reoccurring guest.
If you have a lesson for me,
every time it's getting old and I'm kind of forgetting,
and you guys are young guys, you got them passed the torch onto you.
So every time uncle Joey comes on, you give me a little history lesson.
That's how it is. It's about Abe Lincoln, jerking off,
or the emancipation proclamation, whatever Betsy, Ross,
you know, whatever, whatever your rush, she makes a nice flag.
That lady we would love to have you. She does.
Betsy Russ made the Fetzer Brunswick tonight and speak in a better,
I'll be in Philadelphia. And I've ever 19 to the 21st you Fox. Yeah.
[inaudible].